Update COMMENT ON docs for types (#18761)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/v24.2/comment-on.md

(4 rows)
~~~

### Remove a comment from a type

> Suppose we [create a type]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/create-type.md %}):

Author: ✅

{% include_cached copy-clipboard.html %}
~~~ sql
CREATE TYPE IF NOT EXISTS my_point AS (x FLOAT, y FLOAT, z FLOAT);
~~~

To view the type you just created, use [`SHOW TYPES`]({% link {{page.version.version}}/show-types.md %}):

{% include_cached copy-clipboard.html %}
~~~ sql
SHOW TYPES;
~~~

~~~
  schema |   name   | owner
---------+----------+--------
  public | my_point | root
(1 row)
~~~

To view all comments on types, make a [selection query]({% link {{page.version.version}}/select-clause.md %}) against the `system.comments` table:

{% include_cached copy-clipboard.html %}
~~~ sql
SELECT * FROM system.comments;
~~~

~~~
  type | object_id | sub_id | comment
-------+-----------+--------+-----------
     7 |       112 |      0 | 3D POINT
(1 row)
~~~

> To remove a comment from a type, use a statement like the following:

Reviewer: I'm not sure everything above this line is needed for this example. It duplicates the "Add a comment to a type" content and kind of buries the relevant line. Usually I say something like `To remove the comment from the type you created in the [preceding example](#add-a-comment-to-a-type)` or just leave it implicit that all the examples on the page are connected.

Author: SGTM, based on this and your other suggestion re: this section it's now

> To remove the comment from the type you created in the [preceding example](#add-a-comment-to-a-type), add a `NULL` comment:
> ~~~ sql
> COMMENT ON TYPE my_point IS NULL;
> ~~~

> To remove a comment from a type, use a statement like the following:

Reviewer: Not sure if this is the best wording, but maybe best to be explicit:

```suggestion
To remove a comment from a type, add a `NULL` comment:
```
